## Overview
1. The folder "**Flyamer_Data**" contains the raw single-cell Hi-C data from 178 cells of three types, namely Oocyte, ZygP, and ZygM.
2. The folder "**Flyamer_features**" serves to store the feature sets generated by the code in the "**Feature_extraction**" folder.  
3. The folder "**Feature_extraction**" contains the code used to generate the feature sets, wherein "**generate_feature_NBCP.py**" is utilized to generate the NBCP feature set, "**generate_feature_PSDCP.py**" is utilized to generate the PSDCP feature set, "**generate_feature_SBCP.py**" is utilized to generate the SBCP feature set, and "**generate_feature_SSDCP.py**" is utilized to generate the SSDCP feature set. Additionally, "**methods.py**" encompasses the code for some functions co-utilized by the above four code files.  
4. The folder "**train&test**" contains the code details for the schiClassifier framework to be trained on the training sets and tested on the testing sets. The subfolder "**train&test_result**" is designated for storing the evaluation results of the model performance on the testing sets, after being trained on the training sets. The "**focal_loss_GPU0.py**", "**focal_loss_GPU1.py**", "**focal_loss_GPU2.py**" and "**focal_loss_GPU3.py**" files refer to the code that calls different GPUs to compute the "**focal loss**" loss function, respectively. The file "**main.py**" contains the main body of code for the schiClassifier framework to be trained on the training sets and tested on the testing sets, while the file "**method.py**" contains the declarations of certain functions and classes invoked by the "**main.py**".
5. The file "**mm10.main.nochrM.chrom.sizes**" includes the lengths of each of the 20 chromosomes in a mouse cell, with the unit of measurement being the number of base pairs contained in the chromosome.
6. The folder "**ML_Flyamer**" holds the code for evaluating the effectiveness of three machine learning methods, Logistic Regression (LR), Random Forest (RF), and Support Vector Machine (SVM), for classification on the current dataset.

## Usage 
### Step 1. Feature Extraction
First, we need to run the "**generate_feature_NBCP.py**", "**generate_feature_PSDCP.py**", "**generate_feature_SBCP.py**" and "**generate_feature_SSDCP.py**", which are used to generate NBCP, PSDCP, SBCP and SSDCP feature sets corresponding to each cell in the dataset based on the raw single-cll Hi-C data stored in the folder "**Flyamer_Data**", respectively. Where the generated feature sets are stored in the folder "**Flyamer_features**".
### Step 2. Training and Testing of the scHiClassifier
Then, we need to run the "**main.py**" in the folder "**train&test**" to complete the training and testing of the scHiClassifier. To ensure the scientific and accurate nature of the experimental results, to reduce dependence on specific dataset partitioning, and to assess the generalization capabilities of the models, we divide the Flyamer dataset into training and testing sets fifty times each, using different random seed numbers each time to ensure randomness during data splitting processes. This procedure generates fifty pairs of training and testing subsets for the Flyamer dataset. Each training subset serves to train a model that subsequently undergoes evaluation on its corresponding testing subset. Subsequently, three evaluation metrics, namely accuracy (ACC), balanced accuracy (BACC), and macro-average F1 score (Macro-F1), are employed to assess the classification performance of scHiClassifier. The assessment results of scHiClassifier will be stored in the subfolder "**train&test_result**".
